Create an app for the management of a list of diseases. The underlying method of saving the data will be in an xml/rdf or owl format, and fully compatible with protege. All the fields should be edittable for ease of updates, and accompanied by a changelog per disease and a version release pipeline upon admin action.

These diseases have multiple synonyms and some of them are related to the same parent disease. Each of these diseases have different identifiers from various sources, but a local identifier is from ARI which will be used as part of the IRI. These diseases have one or more categories although should be affected target regions within the body. All of the diseases have to be autoimmune-based diseases. There will be definitions for each disease, and sources accompanying them linked to scientific sources. There will be prevalence data associated with the diseases which will be shown in accompanying charts and a table view associated with the disease. Each disease will have various associations including phenotypes, genetic associations, treatments, environmental factors, biochemical markers, etiology, pathophysiology, and other evidences. 
All the info available in the spreadsheet 'ARI Master List V 2.1 - 2026-06-04 - Copy.xlsx' should be populated into the app, with exception to the SQL code. 

The app will have a hierarchical view of the list of diseases, stemming from various contexts (chosen from top tabs) like alphabetical or tissue target. The alphabetical view will show the list of diseases by the parent disease name, and have children if user expands the parent. The tissue target view will have the list of tissues from the list, which will be organized per "multicellular anatomical structure (UBERON_0010000)" hierarchy where parents of the disease are linked to from the list, with similar expandable items for the diseases as from the aphabetical view. There will be other contexts like symptoms but that does not have enough data for the moment, so only create view where symptoms are listed in the list, if any. 

Once any item from the heirarchical list is selected, the 2nd panel top half will show some details similar to an ontology view including IRI, label, description/definition, synonyms, definition source, database cross references whichever listed (which linkout to database entry) along with if obselete (faded element and obselete in brackets). The bottom half panel will show some options for diseases, each in a selectable box including highlights for prevalence (# of cases per 100,000), symptoms (wordcloud with common symptoms as larger), environmental factors (only show if there are environmental triggers for disease or exacerbating the disease), antibodies, treatments, etiology, genetic associations, biochemical markers, pathophysiology. Each of these selectable boxes, once selected will shift the screen to squash the hierarchical list panel and 2nd panel to use the left half of the screen, while the new 3rd panel takes the right half. The 3rd panel will have a close button to return to the previous view. This panel will show more info based on the selected box:
 - prevalence data will show charts and infographics of the disease data and sources.
 - symptoms will show list of symptoms (linkable to symptoms ontology symptoms), their likelihood, description, link to more info in associated published study. 
 - environmental factors, list view with any triggers listed (and linked to source) including description, likelihood, and any other data.
 - antibodies, show antibodies (highlighted) in the pathophysiology map, and allow selecting antibody to show right side panel with more details of the antibody including label, and other data to be added from ontologies. 
 - treatments, show list of known treatments from medically recognized sources and studies, including if clinical trial, species, drug info, and linkout to source.
 - etiology, show all suspected or known origins of disease including if genetic, external, or idiopathic, excerpts from study for association, along with sources.
 - genetic associations, table of genetic associations including gene, products, and other gene ontology based data.
 - biochemical markers, list of biochemical markers used to identify or diagnose disease, along with any data, and source of studies linking marker with disease.
 - pathophysiology, pathograph map of the disease along with genetic associations, and all other associations since the etiology of the disease.

Additional associated data will include data on netosis, inflammasome, transcription factor, complement, Acute Phase Reactants, Innate Receptors, Receptors, Cytokines, Antibodies, Antigens, Gene polymorphisms/mutations, HLA gene region, T-Cell, Antigen Presenting Cells. 

For the initial design, pick a disease like type 1 diabetes and find all its info required for populating the app. do not use the data from 'ARI Master List V 2.1 - 2026-06-04 - Copy.xlsx'.